How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug 
that was introduced?

--It helped to pinpoint the differences in 2 large files which would have been
normally difficult to find. ALso the exact lines which were changed were 
visible.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more 
efficient programmer in the long term?

--It would help to see the changes made in every version of the file thus 
making it easier to understand the code and also help in finding any bugs 
introduced.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like 
Google Docs does? 

--The pros are that we can choose to save the file whenever we want to, this 
giving us more control over the system. The cons are that manual error like 
forgetting to save the code after making a significant change is not rectified.

Why do you think some version control systems like Git allow saving multiple files 
in one commit while others like Google Docs treat each file separately?

--This is because Git and other systems like it are used for projects which are 
spread over multiple files and require all files to be updated simlutaneously, 
whereas systems like Google Docs are used primarily for projects independent of each 
other which do not require multiple files.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

-- Git log helps us get the commit id of each saved version of the project 
and git diff helps find the difference between any two versions using their 
commit ids as arguments thus helping us find the changes made in the later 
version.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that 
could break something?

--I can always go back to a working version if the change does not work out.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to use Git for?

--I have no specific purpose in mind. I will try to contibute to some open source project in general.

 
